The Project Gutenberg eBook of The American National Red Cross
Bulletin, Vol. I, No. 2, April, 1906, by The American National Red Cross

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: The American National Red Cross Bulletin, Vol. I, No. 2, April,
       1906

Author: The American National Red Cross

Release Date: October 4, 2021 [eBook #66464]

Language: English

Produced by: hekula03, Barry Abrahamsen, and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This book was
             produced from images made available by the HathiTrust
             Digital Library.)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE AMERICAN NATIONAL RED
CROSS BULLETIN, VOL. I, NO. 2, APRIL, 1906 ***





        The American National Red Cross Bulletin (Vol. I, No. 2)




------------------------------------------------------------------------




                              The American

                           National Red Cross


                Chartered by Congress, January 5th, 1905

                                   +

                             Bulletin No. 2


             Issued by the Central Committee, April, 1906


                       Office of the Corporation
                      Room 826, Colorado Building
                            Washington, D.C.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




                               CONTENTS.


                 Preface                             2

                 Japanese Famine Fund                3

                 Japanese Red Cross Reports         12

                 Charter of the American             7
                   National Red Cross

                 Notes from Red Cross Branches      21

                 Addresses of Branch                23
                   Secretaries

                 Applications for Membership        24




------------------------------------------------------------------------




                    THE AMERICAN NATIONAL RED CROSS

                               =OFFICERS=

                              _President_,
                         HON. WILLIAM H. TAFT.

                              _Treasurer_,
                       HON. CHARLES HALLAM KEEP.

                              _Counselor_,
                       HON. JAMES C. McREYNOLDS.

                              _Secretary_,
                           CHARLES L. MAGEE.

                    _Chairman of Central Committee_,
                 BRIGADIER-GENERAL ROBERT M. O’REILLY,
                      Surgeon-General, U.S. Army.


                        =BOARD OF CONSULTATION=

                 BRIGADIER-GENERAL ROBERT M. O’REILLY,
                      Surgeon-General, U.S. Army.

                   SURGEON-GENERAL PRESLEY M. RIXEY,
                               U.S. Navy.

                     SURGEON-GENERAL WALTER WYMAN,
            U.S. Public Health and Marine Hospital Service.


                     =CENTRAL COMMITTEE, 1905-1906=

  Brigadier-General ROBERT M. O’REILLY, Surgeon-General, U.S. Army, War
    Department, Washington, D.C.

  Hon. ROBERT BACON, Assistant Secretary of State, Department of State,
    Washington, D.C.

  Major JEFFERSON R. KEAN, Assistant Surgeon-General, U.S. Army,
    Washington, D.C.

  Medical Director JOHN C. BOYD, U.S. Navy, U.S. Naval Museum of Hygiene
    and Medical School, Washington, D.C.

  Hon. JAMES C. MCREYNOLDS, Assistant Attorney-General, Department of
    Justice, Washington, D.C.

  Hon. CHARLES HALLAM KEEP, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
     Treasury Department, Washington, D.C.

  Judge W. W. MORROW, San Francisco, Cal.

  Mr. SAMUEL MATHER, Western Reserve Building, Cleveland, Ohio.

  Miss MABEL T. BOARDMAN, 826 Colorado Building, Washington, D.C.

  Hon. JAMES R. GARFIELD, Commissioner of Corporations, Department of
    Commerce and Labor, Washington, D.C.

  Hon. A. C. KAUFMAN, Charleston, S.C.

  Mr. CHARLES G. WASHBURN, Worcester, Mass.

  JOHN C. PEGRAM, Providence, R.I.

  General CHARLES BIRD, Wilmington, Del.

  Col. WILLIAM CARY SANGER, Sangerfield, N.Y.

  Judge LAMBERT TREE, 70 La Salle St., Chicago, Ill.

  JAMES TANNER, Commander-in-Chief, Grand Army of the Republic,
    Washington, D.C.

  Surgeon-General WALTER WYMAN, U.S. Public Health and Marine Hospital
    Service, Treasury Department, Washington, D.C.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                PREFACE


The second Quarterly Bulletin of the American National Red Cross
contains an account of the work of raising funds for the benefit of the
Japanese famine sufferers. The Central Committee desires to call
attention to the great advantages such an organization as the Red Cross
provides at such times. Where the Society had already organized State
Branches these Branches were ready, through their officers, to notify
the public that the Red Cross would receive contributions for this
purpose and that local Red Cross treasurers would receive the same.
Moreover, all expenses for the collection of these contributions, save
those that were borne by the “Christian Herald” in the collection of its
most generous contributions, of which further mention will be made, have
been met by the funds of the Society, so that every penny contributed
has been sent directly by the State Department, through the United
States Embassy at Tokyo, to the Japanese Red Cross for use in its famine
relief work.

As the Japanese Red Cross has consented to undertake the disposition of
all famine relief funds sent through the American National Red Cross, a
brief report of some of the work lately accomplished by this remarkable
organization will be of interest and short accounts published by this
Society have been reprinted in this Bulletin.

The April Quarterly Bulletin having to go to press early in March, it is
impossible to publish the list of contributors to the Famine Fund, but
it is hoped this may be done in the following number.

The American National Red Cross should have a large sustaining
membership to enable it to create a thoroughly efficient organization
and at the same time to accumulate an Emergency Fund to meet immediately
the first relief work after any sudden disaster in any of the States or
Territories.

                  *       *       *       *       *

On March 7, the Red Cross received a communication from the State
Department to the effect that the Governor of the Islands of French
Oceanica, which on February 8th met with a most serious disaster from a
cyclone, had solicited subscriptions for the aid of the people there. As
the Red Cross was collecting contributions for the Japanese Famine Fund,
it most reluctantly had to decline to act in this second matter of
relief work. If the Society had a membership, as it should have in this
country, of a hundred thousand, it would receive into its Emergency Fund
fifty thousand dollars annually which would enable it to render aid at
such times of distant disaster without issuing special appeals and this
without costing its members anything in addition to their annual
membership dues of one dollar. This large membership must be obtained by
the efforts of the present members, and if each member would do whatever
he or she may be able to do towards increasing the membership, the
American National Red Cross would soon have an organization worthy of
the United States and always have in its treasury a fund that would
enable it to reply promptly to any such appeal as that forwarded to it
by the Department of State.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          JAPANESE FAMINE FUND


Acting upon receipt of a letter with enclosures from Judge W. W. Morrow,
President of the California Red Cross Branch, the Central Committee sent
out Saturday, February 10th, to the secretaries of the Red Cross
Branches the following appeal:

    “Through the California Branch, the American National Red Cross
    has received from American residents in Japan an appeal for the
    famine-stricken people in three northern provinces of that
    country. In one province the rice crop has yielded only 12 per
    cent. of the average, and the sentence of death hangs over a
    quarter of a million of people if forgotten and unaided. In the
    eastern portion of another province the yield is only 15 per
    cent. and 500,000 people are in great distress and on the verge
    of absolute starvation, and in the third province it is certain
    that over 100,000 persons cannot live without speedy and
    prolonged aid.

    “Already thousands in these provinces are reduced to shrub roots
    and the bark of trees by which mere life may for a time be
    sustained, but at the least calculation 680,000 people are now
    facing extreme conditions. What this means for their poor women
    and children, we who live in the center of this oncoming misery
    find no words to describe.

    “Hundreds of thousands of persons are on the verge of starvation
    and winter is adding its rigors to the distress. Snow having
    hidden away the roots and herbs of the forests from the hands of
    the stricken people, speedy death or physical anguish worse than
    death confronts them.

    “During the late war, the great European Red Cross Societies did
    much to aid the Japanese Red Cross in its work of caring for the
    sick and wounded, but our American National Red Cross, just
    beginning its reorganization, could be of no assistance. Now the
    opportunity arises for us to send to those brave famine-stricken
    people some assistance from our abundance. The American National
    Red Cross will gladly receive and forward to the Japanese Red
    Cross to be used for the relief of these provinces such
    contributions as the public at large or any of its own members
    desire to make.

    “All contributions in this city can be sent

     to ...................

     Treasurer of the .............................. Red Cross Branch.”

    About the same time information was received by the State
    Department at Washington through our consuls in Japan of the
    very serious conditions in these northern provinces, and with
    his accustomed promptness President Roosevelt issued a public
    appeal, as follows:

    “The famine situation in northern Japan is proving much more
    serious than at first supposed, and thousands of persons are on
    the verge of starvation. It is a calamity such as may
    occasionally befall any country.

    “Nations, like men, should stand ever ready to aid each other in
    distress, and I appeal to the American people to help from their
    abundance their suffering fellowmen of the great and friendly
    nation of Japan. I recommend that contributions for this purpose
    be sent to the American National Red Cross, which will forward
    such funds to the Japanese Red Cross to be used as the Japanese
    Government may direct.

    “Contributions can be made to the local Red Cross treasurers or
    sent direct to Hon. Charles Hallam Keep, Red Cross Treasurer,
    United States Treasury Department, Washington, D.C.

                                               “Theodore Roosevelt.”


Mr. Eki Hioki, the Japanese Chargé d’Affaires, was requested to inquire
if the Japanese Red Cross would undertake the disposition of the funds
forwarded by the American National Red Cross, and after communicating
with his Government sent the following reply:

    “I have the pleasure to inform you that I have received a cable
    message, in reply to mine, from the Japanese Minister of Foreign
    Affairs, to the effect that the Japanese Red Cross Society will
    be delighted to take charge of the disposition of the relief
    fund which the American National Red Cross may send hereafter.

              “Very truly yours,
                   “Eki Hioki,
                        “Chargé d’Affaires.”

The “Christian Herald” of New York, having already been aware of the
distress in Japan, had begun among its Christian readers a subscription
for the purposes of relief, and no sooner did the President’s appeal
appear than the American National Red Cross Treasurer, Hon. Charles
Hallam Keep, received from Dr. Louis Klopsch, Editor of the “Christian
Herald,” a most prompt and generous check for $10,000, already
contributed by its readers, to be forwarded to the Japanese Red Cross to
be used exclusively for the purchase of food supplies. This amount was
immediately cabled by the State Department, through our Embassy at
Tokyo. A few days later the “Christian Herald” followed its first
donation by another check for $10,000, sent directly to the State
Department to be forwarded without delay, as the need was so great, to
the Japanese Red Cross for the purchase of food. The readers of the
“Christian Herald” may justly feel that by their promptness and
generosity they have saved many of their fellowmen from suffering and
death by starvation, and this will be sincerely appreciated in Japan.

In these northern provinces many of the people are living upon
briquettes made of 75 per cent. straw and 25 per cent. foreign rice, or
upon roots, bark of trees, acorns, etc. The Japanese Government, in
spite of its immense war debt, has been remitting or postponing taxes
and at the same time trying to raise money for the purpose of providing
work for the able-bodied so as not to pauperize them, and food and
clothes for the children, old people and sick; but without outside aid
the herculean task will be too heavy a burden.

Mr. Frederick Palmer, the War Correspondent representing “Collier’s
Weekly,” served through the Russo-Japanese war with the soldiers from
the famine-stricken districts in the northern provinces of Japan. He
knows these people, their sterling qualities and the bitterness of their
need, and of them he says:

    “From the heart of the famine-district came the second division
    of the Japanese Army, known as ‘The Division which always
    attacks.’ It exemplified in its character the fine and simple
    qualities of the people of the Sendai country, their loyalty,
    pride, courage, industry, and equability of temper. The second
    of the divisions to leave Japan for the field, it marched
    through Korea in midwinter to the Battle of the Yalu, and it was
    the strong, dependable arm of General Kuroki’s army which never
    gave ground to the close of the campaign.

    “Not until December and January of this year, the third winter
    since their departure, would transportation arrangements permit
    the division’s departure from Manchuria, which was a bleak and
    inhospitable land to these simple country boys who were
    accustomed to their own beautiful landscape, their clean mats
    and ornamental gardens. No heroes ever received a sadder welcome
    home, for they returned to find their mothers and sisters and
    wives wanting food. The absence of the men who had served their
    country so well meant the absence of so many able-bodied tillers
    of the soil. This and a cold and unusually rainy summer made the
    rice crop the scantiest for generations.

    “These proud northern people have not the facility of city
    people in accepting charity. If you went into their houses you
    would find that they would deny that they were hungry and
    possibly offer you their last bowl of rice to show that they
    needed no help. The home department of the Japanese Government
    is taking measures of practical relief by offering employment on
    public works which will increase the acreage for rice growing
    and otherwise improve the agricultural resources of the region.
    The opportunity is offered for foreigners to supplement the
    government aid by private aid which will be sympathetically and
    practically administered by the Japanese Red Cross Society. If
    it be the duty of the Red Cross to soften the cruel consequences
    of war, then it has here a duty as imperative as under the more
    sensational surroundings of the battle field.”

On February 28th The American National Red Cross transmitted to the
State Department $5,000, which immediately cabled this amount, through
the United States Embassy at Tokyo, to the Japanese Red Cross to be
applied to the famine relief work.

In a second appeal issued by the foreign relief committee of northern
Japan, this committee says:

    “When we issued our first appeal to the foreign communities of
    Japan in December, the impending calamity was on so vast a scale
    that we ourselves could hardly believe the official statements
    of 680,000 people in starving condition. Since then the members
    of our committee have been through the provinces, and now we
    must say that the above figures are too weak to represent the
    existing misery and that the wretchedness and suffering are
    simply appalling. As to the score of villages, the conditions of
    all we visited are pitiable in the extreme. There are
    able-bodied men clothed in thin, ragged garments, who have to
    face the piercing winds and snow to bring in from the mountains
    the coal and wood on the price of which labor their thinly-clad
    families are trying to eke out a living. There are mothers
    giving their very lives to keep their babies warm, themselves
    exposed to stinging blasts that must rapidly shorten life. There
    are even cultured old men and women, who in former days were in
    comparative comfort, but now are reduced to physical destitution
    that no words can describe. There are children bare-footed in
    the snow, whose scanty clothing and pinched faces tell the sad
    tale of only one meal a day and that of straw and daikon leaves
    in which is mixed a little cheap rice flour.

    “But there is no need of further statements in this line. Rather
    we rejoice that there is another side. Amid all this widespread
    wretchedness there is a strong spirit of hope and helpfulness.
    There is a village called Devil’s Head, snowed under eight feet,
    leaving 156 people without a particle of food of any kind.
    Immediately the neighbors, but little better off, raised 60 yen
    (about $30), by means of which pittance the lives of these 156
    persons are insured for three weeks until other aid can come. It
    is a privilege, indeed, to send a grain of comfort to such
    people by our timely and sympathetic gifts, especially when such
    aid is so highly appreciated by all and so gratefully received
    by those who are losing hope. The one great thing needed to save
    the lives of children and aged is money. All that we earnestly
    desire is that every sympathetic heart should know the facts and
    use any channel that promises to bring speedy relief to even a
    few hundred among the many hundreds of thousands who are in dire
    distress.”

On March 6th the American National Red Cross sent, through the State
Department, to the Japanese Red Cross, $5,000, and on March 8th the
“Christian Herald” forwarded its third $10,000 contribution. On March
12th the Red Cross again sent $5,000 and on March 15 $5,000, so that the
amount collected and sent by the Red Cross up to March 15th amounts to
$20,000, and this with the $30,000 sent by the “Christian Herald”
through the American National Red Cross makes a total up to the last
given date of $50,000.

The Japanese Government has expressed its great appreciation of
President Roosevelt’s appeal for its famine-stricken provinces, and
press despatches show that the Japanese people also are deeply
appreciative of the sympathy expressed in their trouble by the
contributions from the American people.

This Society hopes, in some later issues of the Bulletin, to be able to
give reports of the relief work done by the Japanese Red Cross.

                  *       *       *       *       *

Just as the BULLETIN goes to press the American National Red Cross has
received from the “Christian Herald” a check for $50,000 making in all
$80,000 contributed through this paper for the Famine Fund and bringing
the total amount sent to the Japanese Red Cross by March 16th up to
$100,000.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                CHARTER


                            [Public—No. 4.]

An Act to incorporate the American National Red Cross.

Whereas, on the twenty-second of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, at Geneva, Switzerland, plenipotentiaries respectively
representing Italy, Baden, Belgium, Denmark, Spain, Portugal, France,
Prussia, Saxony, and Wurttemberg and the Federal Council of Switzerland,
agreed upon ten articles of a treaty or convention for the purpose of
mitigating the evils inseparable from war; of ameliorating the condition
of soldiers wounded on the field of battle, and particularly providing,
among other things, in effect, that persons employed in hospitals and in
according relief to the sick and wounded and supplies for this purpose
shall be deemed neutral and entitled to protection; and that a
distinctive and uniform flag shall be adopted for hospitals and
ambulances and convoys of sick and wounded and an arm badge for
individuals neutralized; and

Whereas, said treaty has been ratified by all of said nations, and by
others subsequently, to the number of forty-three or more, including the
United States of America; and

Whereas, the International Conference of Geneva of eighteen hundred and
sixty-three recommended “that there exist in every country a committee
whose mission consists in co-operating in times of war with the hospital
service of the armies by all means in its power”; and

Whereas, a permanent organization is an agency needed in every nation to
carry out the purposes of said treaty, and especially to secure supplies
and to execute the humane objects contemplated by said treaty, with the
power to adopt and use the distinctive flag and arm badge specified by
said treaty in article seven, on which shall be the sign of the Red
Cross, for the purpose of co-operating with the “Comité International de
Secours aux Militaires Blessés” (International Committee of Relief for
the Wounded in War); and

Whereas, in accordance with the requirements and customs of said
international body such an association adopting and using said insignia
was formed in the city of Washington, District of Columbia, in July,
eighteen hundred and eighty-one, known as “The American National
Association of the Red Cross,” re-incorporated April seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and ninety-three, under the laws of the District of
Columbia, and re-incorporated by Act of Congress in June, nineteen
hundred; and

Whereas, it is believed that the importance of the work demands a repeal
of the present charter and a re-incorporation of the society under the
Government supervision: Now, therefore,

_Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of America in Congress assembled_, That Clara Barton, Hilary A.
Herbert, Thomas F. Walsh, Charles C. Glover, Charles J. Bell, Mabel T.
Boardman, George Dewey, William R. Day, Nelson A. Miles, James Tanner,
William K. Van Reypen, John M. Wilson, Simon Wolf, James R. Garfield,
Gifford Pinchot, S. W. Woodward, Mary A. Logan, Walter Wyman, of
Washington, District of Columbia; George H. Shields, of Missouri;
William H. Taft, F. B. Loomis, Samuel Mather, of Ohio; Spencer Trask,
Robert C. Ogden, Cleveland H. Dodge, George C. Boldt, William T.
Wardwell, John G. Carlisle, George B. McClellan, Elizabeth Mills Reid,
Margaret Carnegie, of New York; John H. Converse, Alexander
Mackay-Smith, J. Wilkes O’Neill, H. Kirke Porter, of Pennsylvania;
Richard Olney, W. Murray Crane, Henry L. Higginson, William Draper,
Frederick H. Gillett, of Massachusetts; Marshall Field, Robert T.
Lincoln, Lambert Tree, of Illinois; A. C. Kaufman, of South Carolina;
Alexander W. Terrell, of Texas; George Gray, of Delaware; Redfield
Proctor, of Vermont; John W. Foster, Noble C. Butler, Robert W. Miers,
of Indiana; John Sharp Williams, of Mississippi; William Alden Smith, of
Michigan; Horace Davis, W. W. Morrow, of California; Daniel C. Gilman,
Eugene Levering, of Maryland; J. Taylor Ellyson, of Virginia; Daniel R.
Noyes, of Minnesota; Emanuel Fiske, Marshall Fiske, of Connecticut,
together with five other persons to be named by the President of the
United States, one to be chosen from each of the Departments of State,
War, Navy, Treasury, and Justice, their associates and successors, are
hereby created a body corporate and politic in the District of Columbia.

Sec. 2. That the name of this corporation shall be “The American
National Red Cross,” and by that name shall have perpetual succession,
with the power to sue and be sued in courts of law and equity within the
jurisdiction of the United States; to have and to hold such real and
personal estate as shall be deemed advisable and to accept bequests for
the purposes of this corporation hereinafter set forth; to adopt a seal
and the same to alter and destroy at pleasure; and to have the right to
have and to use, in carrying out its purposes hereinafter designated, as
an emblem and badge, a Greek red cross on a white ground, as the same
has been described in the Treaty of Geneva, August twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and adopted by the several nations
acceding thereto; to ordain and establish bylaws and regulations not
inconsistent with the laws of the United States of America or any State
thereof, and generally to do all such acts and things (including the
establishment of regulations for the election of associates and
successors) as may be necessary to carry into effect the provisions of
this Act and promote the purposes of said organization; and the
corporation hereby created is designated as the organization which is
authorized to act in matters of relief under said treaty. In accordance
with Article seven of the treaty, the delivery of the brassard allowed
for individuals neutralized in time of war shall be left to military
authority.

Sec. 3. That the purposes of this corporation are and shall be—

First. To furnish volunteer aid to the sick and wounded of armies in
time of war, in accordance with the spirit and conditions of the
conference of Geneva of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and
also of the Treaty of the Red Cross, or the Treaty of Geneva, of August
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to which the United
States of America gave its adhesion on March first, eighteen hundred and
eighty-two.

Second. And for said purposes to perform all the duties devolved upon a
national society by each nation which has acceded to said treaty.

Third. To succeed to all the rights and property which have been
hitherto held and to all the duties which have heretofore been performed
by the American National Red Cross as a corporation duly incorporated by
Act of Congress, June sixth, nineteen hundred, which Act is hereby
repealed and the organization created thereby is hereby dissolved.

Fourth. To act in matters of voluntary relief and in accord with the
military and naval authorities as a medium of communication between the
people of the United States of America and their Army and Navy, and to
act in such matters between similar national societies of other
governments through the “Comité International de Secours,” and the
Government and the people and the Army and Navy of the United States of
America.

Fifth. And to continue and carry on a system of national and
international relief in time of peace and apply the same in mitigating
the sufferings caused by pestilence, famine, fire, floods, and other
great national calamities, and to devise and carry on measures for
preventing the same.

Sec. 4. That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be unlawful
for any person within the jurisdiction of the United States to falsely
and fraudulently hold himself out as, or represent or pretend himself to
be, a member of, or an agent for, the American National Red Cross, for
the purpose of soliciting, collecting, or receiving money or material;
or for any person to wear or display the sign of the Red Cross, or any
insignia colored in imitation thereof for the fraudulent purpose of,
inducing the belief that he is a member of or an agent for, the American
National Red Cross. Nor shall it be lawful for any person or
corporation, other than the Red Cross of America, not now lawfully
entitled to use the sign of the Red Cross, hereafter to use such sign or
any insignia colored in imitation thereof for the purposes of trade or
as an advertisement to induce the sale of any article whatsoever. If any
person violates the provisions of this section, he shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and shall be liable to a fine of not less than one nor more
than five hundred dollars, or imprisonment for a term not exceeding one
year, or both, for each and every offense. The fine so collected shall
be paid to the American National Red Cross.

Sec. 5. That the governing body of the said American National Red Cross
shall consist, in the first instance, of a central committee numbering
eighteen persons, to be appointed in the manner following, namely: Six
by the incorporators herein named and twelve by the President of the
United States, one of whom shall be designated by the President to act
as chairman. It shall be the duty of the central committee to organize
with as little delay as possible State and Territorial societies,
including the District of Columbia, under such rules as the said
committee may prescribe. When six or more State or Territorial societies
have been formed, thereafter the central committee shall be composed as
follows: Six to be appointed by the incorporators, six by the
representatives of the State and Territorial societies at the annual
meeting of the incorporators and societies, and six by the President of
the United States, one of whom shall be designated by him as chairman
and one each to be named by him from the Departments of State, War,
Navy, Treasury, and Justice.

The first six members of the central committee elected by the
incorporators at the first annual meeting, and the first six members of
the central committee elected by the State and Territorial delegates,
shall when elected select by lot from their number two members to serve
one year, two members to serve two years, and two members to serve three
years, and each subsequent election of members shall be for a period of
three years or until their successors are duly elected and qualify. The
six members of the central committee appointed by the President at the
annual meeting shall serve for one year.

The President shall fill as soon as may be any vacancy that may occur by
death, resignation, or otherwise in the chairmanship or in the
membership of the central committee appointed by him. And any vacancy
that may occur in the six members of the central committee herein
provided to be appointed by the incorporators or in the six to be
appointed by the representatives of the State societies shall be filled
by temporary appointments to be made by the remaining members of the six
in which the vacancy or vacancies may occur, such appointees to serve
until the next annual meeting.

The central committee shall have power to appoint from its own members
an executive committee of seven persons, five of whom shall be a quorum,
who, when the central committee is not in session, shall have and
exercise all the powers of the central committee.

The Secretary of War shall within thirty days after the passage of this
Act call a meeting at a time and place to be designated by him in the
city of Washington of the incorporators hereunder, giving at least
thirty days’ notice thereof in one or more newspapers, and the annual
meeting of said incorporators, their associates and successors, shall
thereafter be held in said city on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday in December, the first of said meetings to be held in December,
nineteen hundred and five. Fifteen members shall constitute a quorum at
any annual or special meeting.

Voting by proxy shall not be allowed at any meeting of the
incorporators, annual or special, nor at any meeting of State or
Territorial societies organized under the provisions of this charter.

Sec. 6. That the said American National Red Cross shall on the first day
of January of each year make and transmit to the Secretary of War, a
report of its proceedings for the preceding year, including a full,
complete, and itemized report of receipts and expenditures of whatever
kind, which report shall be duly audited by the War Department, and a
copy of said report shall be transmitted to Congress by the War
Department.

Sec. 7. That Congress shall have the right to repeal, alter, or amend
this Act at any time.

Approved January 5, 1905.

                  *       *       *       *       *

An international convention has been called to be held at Geneva in
June, for the revision of the Treaty of Geneva, sometimes called the
Treaty of the Red Cross, to which convention the United States
Government will send three representatives. Reports of the proceedings
of this convention will be given in later numbers of this
Bulletin.—EDITOR.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




THE RED CROSS SOCIETY OF JAPAN HAS ISSUED THE FOLLOWING REPORTS OF THE
    RED CROSS WORK SINCE THE OUTBREAK OF THE RUSSO-JAPANESE WAR UP TO
    SEPTEMBER, 1905.


War is the most dreadful thing that mankind ever witnesses. It is a
horror in itself. So many men have been killed, wounded and invalided on
both sides in our present war in the course of ten months that one is
aghast at the number of casualties.

The Red Cross Society of Japan has been strenuously performing its duty
of caring for the sick and wounded ever since the war broke out
regardless, as a matter of course, to which colors the sufferers belong
only remembering the principles of Humanity and Brotherhood.

The first work we undertook on the outbreak of the war was to look after
the Russian sailors, who had been wounded during the naval battle off
Chemulpo, Korea.

The wounded sailors, who were on board the Russian cruiser, _Varyag_,
numbering twenty-four persons were taken first to the French cruiser,
_Pascal_, and then to a temporary hospital that had been hastily
established at Chemulpo by our Society. For twenty-two days, those
sailors were entirely under the care of the hospital, in which, of
course, all necessary treatment was given to them. Unfortunately,
however, two of the patients died and the rest when convalescent were
brought to a hospital at Matsuyama, Japan. There we gave them further
treatment, which resulted in their complete recovery, although five out
of the twenty-two were unfortunately obliged to have their hands or legs
operated upon and cut off.

Her Majesty the Empress hearing about these cases has graciously
furnished them with artificial limbs. When they had so far recovered,
the Japanese Government sent them back to their homes in Russia. The
Russian Government sent us a letter of grateful thanks for what we had
done, offering, in addition, through the French Consul at Seoul, Korea,
to defray all the expenses incurred. As we refused the offer, the
Russian Government subscribed 2,000.00 Yen instead to our relief funds,
which we accepted with appreciation.

                  *       *       *       *       *

No sooner had we been instructed by the Army to get our two hospital
ships, _Hakuai Maru_ and _Kosai Maru_, in readiness than they were
prepared for embarkation. The names of the vessels had been intimated to
Russia by the authorities in accordance with the rules of the Hague
Convention.

The _Hakuai Maru_ on the 21st of February, and the _Kosai Maru_ on the
25th of the same month, sailed for Ujina, thence forward being
continuously engaged in the transportation of the sick and wounded of
both belligerents between Japan and different ports in Korea and
Manchuria.

The increase in the number of the sufferers has naturally kept pace with
the progress of the war and in consequence nine more hospital ships had
to be prepared in which twenty-one relief detachments of our Society are
now working under the direction of an Army surgeon. On land, we have
already dispatched over eighty-two relief detachments to districts where
they are required in Korea and Manchuria and also to the hospital of
both Army and Navy at home. Several of these detachments are solely
engaged in caring for the Russian prisoners.

It may be well to state that one relief detachment consists of

           2 Surgeons
           1 Apothecary
           1 Clerk
           2 Chief nurses (men or women)
          20 Nurses (men or women)

When several detachments are dispatched to one place, one Director, one
Superintending surgeon and one Superintending nurse are placed as
supervisors over all such detachments. Not infrequently, however, it
becomes necessary to divide one relief detachment into two or more. All
relief detachments to be sent to the front, it must be noted, consist of
men only; those at home of women nurses; and those on board the hospital
ships are of both sexes, namely, one detachment of women nurses and one
or two detachments of men nurses, the number of which is fixed
proportionately to the size of the capacity of the ships.

According to the regulations of our relief service in time of war, there
are Patients’ Transport Columns but never before have they been used
until the present war. We have now organized one such column on trial,
selecting the stretcher-bearers out of the retired privates, who had
once been trained in the Army and instructing them anew for two months;
and we have sent them to the battle fields in Manchuria. This column
consists of

            1 Director
            1 Surgeon
            1 Clerk
            2 Chief men nurses
            3 Chief stretcher-bearers
            3 Men nurses

We may form some more columns if this is successful and has good
results.

The total number of all the detachments as mentioned above and already
sent out together with women nurses amounts to 3,266 persons and,
moreover, we are prepared to dispatch as many more as are necessary at
any moment.

All the women nurses of our society go through scientific and practical
training for two and three years, the latter term being for the higher
course of nursing, whilst the men nurses are required to take a ten
months’ course of training.

Our Main Red Cross Hospital in Tokyo has now been appropriated to the
use of the Army. It is, therefore, made a branch hospital of the Tokyo
Military Reserve Hospital. Since the outbreak of the war, many
additional barracks have been built on the wide ground of the Red Cross
Hospital. Moreover, an estate we had purchased at Hiroshima for the
purpose of building our hospital there has been put at the disposal of
the Army and a temporary hospital has been erected.

                  *       *       *       *       *

The Ladies’ Volunteer Nursing Association of the Red Cross Society of
Japan has become more active in many ways, the members have applied
themselves with far greater earnestness and energy to the study of first
aid and nursing under the direction of our medical men. Moreover, they
are occupying themselves very busily every day making various kinds of
bandages and caps for the patients, looking after them at the relief
stations, which are prepared for those who are travelling, visiting them
at the hospitals, helping them to write to their families at home and in
various other serviceable ways. Theirs is a self-sacrificing work.

Since the outbreak of the war, the number of the members is daily
increasing. Princesses, the wives of the Nobility and of the diplomatic
staffs and other distinguished ladies have all joined.

Her Majesty the Empress has always been greatly interested in our relief
work. On the 20th of last June, for instance, she paid a visit to the
Ladies’ Volunteer Nursing Association and particularly looked at the
members making bandages. On the 3d of September, she summoned our
president to the palace and spoke to him very encouragingly about the
Red Cross Work.

                  *       *       *       *       *

Our sister societies abroad have earnestly and practically extended
their sympathy and kindness to us by offering gifts in various forms,
which we have gratefully accepted. The following are the details of
gifts we have received up to date:

    9 cases of bandage materials and clothes from the Red Cross Society
        of Germany.

  515 cases of various kinds of wine and nourishment from the Red Cross
        Society of Italy.

    2 sets of necessary articles for a field hospital taking in 100
        patients from the French Relief Society for the Wounded Soldiers.

    Franc   1,000 —The Red Cross Society of Servia.

      £       100 —The Red Cross Society of Portugal.

     Lire      40 —The Red Cross Society of Greece.

    Krone   1,351 —The Ladies’ Association of Copenhagen
                    of the Red Cross Society of Denmark.

    Franc  13,500 —The Ladies’ Association of France.


                  *       *       *       *       *

The Red Cross Society of Spain and the National Red Cross Society of
America have kindly offered us their assistance. Besides these public
gifts, many individual men and women have come forward and offered us
their services to nurse the wounded soldiers.

We deeply regret that we are not able to accept these kind offers at
present, simply because we have still a sufficient number of well
equipped relief corps to meet all the emergencies we have had as yet to
encounter.

However, the Government of Japan accepted the services of Mrs. McGee, an
American lady, with nine nurses, and Mrs. Richardson, an English lady,
to nurse the sick and wounded and instructed us to place them among some
of our relief detachments. The American nurses have been working in the
Hiroshima Reserve Hospital and on some hospital ships for a few months
and sailed for their homes recently with Mrs. McGee.

                  *       *       *       *       *

At the close of this statement, we take great pleasure in adding that
donations in various forms from every part of the world and from rich
and poor have ever been flowing into the coffers of our Society. We have
never failed to appropriate these gifts to our relief funds in
compliance with the donors’ wishes.

We shall be always grateful for these practical expressions of sympathy
and generosity which are extended to both belligerents, for whose
comfort and relief, when sick and wounded, we are most earnestly praying
and devoting ourselves. May Providence help our cause.

                  *       *       *       *       *

Since the issue of our last report on the Red Cross work, much progress
has been made in all the different ways of alleviating the sufferings of
the war-victims, seventeen Relief detachments on hospital ships and
twenty-two on land being dispatched in addition to those which had
previously been in service since the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese war.
The following are the details of the institutions in which our Relief
detachments are at present working:

        Hospital Ships                                         2
          These are owned and entirely managed by the
            Red Cross Society of Japan.

        Relief detachments serving on board eighteen          38
          hospital ships owned by the Army
            All these hospital ships together with the
              two Red Cross hospital ships are constantly
              in the service of transportation of the sick
              and wounded from the front to Japan and from
              one port to another at home. The number of
              the Relief detachment serving on board each
              hospital ship runs from 1½ to 3

        Relief detachments according to the tonnage of
          the ship.

        Relief detachments dispatched to the hospitals at     78
          home under both the Naval and Military authorities

        Depot of Supply                                        1
          This is at the base of Etape in order to distribute
            various supplies as are necessary for medical and
            relieving purposes.

        Relief detachments at the front                       32
          These detachments consist of field hospitals
            and relief stations in Korea and Manchuria.

        Column of Stretcher-bearers                            1
          The members of the column are located separately
            along with Etape lines serving in carrying the
            sick and wounded with stretchers, wagons,
            horses, etc.

In addition to such institutions, there are thirteen agencies at home
and one at the front established by the Headquarters of the Society in
order to facilitate the management of the whole Relief detachments at
home and abroad, numbering 152 Relief detachments in all; and of Relief
stations established in such ports and railway stations as are
convenient and necessary for giving rest and refreshment to the sick and
wounded on their homeward way and also medical treatment in cases of
emergency, to say nothing of renewing bandages. These are worked
voluntarily by the members of the branches of the Red Cross Society of
Japan, surgeons, nurses and the members of the Ladies’ Volunteer Nursing
Association.

The nurses of both sexes, dispatched up to date, number in all over
4,700, five Relief detachments out of which have been formed and placed
entirely in the Russian prisoners’ hospitals and stations. The
approximate amount of the expense for the work up to the end of this
year is estimated to be as much as 5,160,000 Yen.

                  *       *       *       *       *

The members of the Ladies’ Volunteer Nursing Association of the Red
Cross Society of Japan have constantly and strenuously rendered their
services ever since the outbreak of the war in making bandages and caps
for the patients, in looking after them at the relief stations, which we
have already mentioned, in visiting them at the hospitals, in helping
them to write to their families at home, in distributing among them
books, magazines, newspapers and various things they could collect, in
actually nursing the sick and wounded of both belligerents, if
necessary, and in various other ways. The members of forty-one branches,
together with those of the headquarters of the Association number nearly
10,000, including Princesses, the wives of the Nobility and of
diplomatic staffs and other distinguished ladies who have joined.

                  *       *       *       *       *

Their Majesties, the Emperor and the Empress and their Highnesses, the
Crown Prince and Princess have always been greatly interested in our
relief work. Especially the Empress has graciously encouraged the
members in various ways, giving, for instance, money to the Association
and visiting it to look at the members making bandages. When she
summoned Count Matsugata, the President, to the palace on the 3d of
September of last year, the following was graciously spoken to him:—

    “_It is gratifying that the Red Cross Society of Japan has
    dispatched a great number of Relief detachments, by whom both
    Japanese and Russian sick and wounded have been attended. We
    hope you will encourage these detachments in their work and that
    the relief work, true to the principle of philanthropy, will be
    thoroughly accomplished by them._”

    Again, on the 4th of March of this year when Baron Ozawa,
    Vice-President, paid an homage to the Empress previous to his
    departure from Japan for the front to visit the sufferers
    officially and to inspect all the Relief detachments there, she
    spoke to him as follows:—

    “_Over one year has now passed away since the Red Cross Society
    has started its relief work. We can imagine how hard it must be
    for the members of the Relief detachments at the front
    especially at this coldest season of the year. Still, the care
    of the sick and wounded concerns my heart evermore. We wish you
    would convey to the Relief detachments my earnest hope that they
    will endure all the difficulties and work hard in alleviating
    the suffering of the patients._”

    Indeed, it is not little that the Japanese ladies have done for
    the prestige of the nation as well as for humanity during the
    Russo-Japanese war.

                  *       *       *       *       *

Our sister-societies have earnestly and practically extended their
sympathy and kindness to us by offering gifts in various forms, which we
have gratefully accepted. The following are the details of gifts we have
received since last October up to this date. (Gifts from other
institutions or individuals are omitted here).


          The Central Office of the      Franc 1,000
            International Red Cross
            Society

          The Red Cross Society of       Medical materials,
            Germany                      &c.

          The Red Cross Society of       Woolen caps, &c.
            Germany

          The Relief Society for Wounded Medicines, bandages
            Soldiers of France           and other materials.

          The Ladies’ Association of     Franc 5,000
            France

          The British Red Cross Society  Yen 10,000

                                         or £ 1,000

          The Red Cross Society of       Krone  50,000
            Austria

          The Red Cross Society of       Krone  10,000
            Hungary

          Golniezbanya Branch of the Red Krone  50,000
            Cross Society of Hungary

                  *       *       *       *       *

The Red Cross Society of Germany, with the permission of our Government,
has kindly sent out Professor Dr. Adolph Henle and Dr. Otto Fittig
accompanied by a nurse, Miss Margarethe von Sommogy, to our country to
render assistance towards relieving the sufferings of the sick and
wounded. Since last March, they have been working at a military branch
hospital in Sendagaya, Tokyo, in co-operation with our own surgeons and
nurses.

                  *       *       *       *       *

A party of American nurses under Mrs. McGee mentioned briefly in our
last report, sailing from Seattle, Washington, U.S.A., on the 3d of
March, arrived in Yokohama on the 22d of April, 1904. They commenced
work on May 31st in the Hiroshima Reserve hospital where they remained
till October 10th, 1904. During that time, they were in turn placed on
board hospital ships that had been running between Japan and Manchuria.

                  *       *       *       *       *

In compliance with Mrs. McGee’s request, we sent her out to the
Matsuyama Hospital, in which Russian prisoners had been placed and to a
naval hospital at Kure; and to some districts in Korea where there were
field hospitals.

She then returned to America together with the other nurses, who sailed
from Nagasaki on the 21st of October, 1904. We offered to Mrs. McGee and
to each one of the nurses the sum of Yen 200.00 as a token of our
appreciation of their services.

The following nurses:

    Miss Minnie Cooke,
    Miss Mary Gladwin,
    Miss Ella King,
    Miss Elizabeth Kratz,
    Miss Adelaide Mackereth,
    Miss Adele Neeb,
    Miss Sophia Newell,
    Miss Genevieve Russell,

returned the money to the Society saying that they could not bear to
carry any of the Red Cross money with them back to their homes.

As a further mark of our appreciation of their devotedness and
earnestness in caring for the sick and wounded on land and sea, we
invited the nurses to join the Society as Special Members.

(Special membership shall be offered to those who have rendered
distinguished services or made a donation of not less than 200 Yen, to
the Society.)

Miss Cooke, Miss King, Miss Mackereth and Miss Russell have made a
subscription towards the Relief Funds of this Society since they
returned home.

                  *       *       *       *       *

Mrs. Richardson, an English lady, worked in the hospitals in Tokyo and
Hiroshima for about one year and half, arriving in Japan in April, 1904,
and leaving Yokohama for England on the 15th of July, 1905. During this
time she worked entirely at her own expense.

She made visits to the military hospitals in Nagoya, Osaka, Kokura,
Kumamoto, Matsuyama, Kure and Sasebo and also to those in Dalny and Port
Arthur. In April of this year, she was placed on board hospital ships
carrying the sick and wounded from the front to Japan. Her sympathy and
kindness had been shown, not only by her actually nursing the
war-victims but also by her giving them such things as might interest
and comfort them and by more than once making subscriptions towards the
Relief Funds of the Society.

Upon her departure from Japan, the Empress received her at the palace.
Prince Kan-in, Honorary President of the Red Cross Society of Japan, and
Princess Kan-in, Honorary President of the Ladies’ Volunteer Nursing
Association, gave her a farewell dinner at their residence.

                  *       *       *       *       *

As the fall of Port Arthur had been expected by all the people, we had
sent previously 3,000 suits of patients’ dresses, together with a proper
number of blankets and kept them at the nearest possible place to the
fort so that we could be ready to provide the Russian wounded with such
things when needed. These things, as we thought, have been of a great
use. When Baron Ozawa took the opportunity of paying a visit to General
Walaschof, the President of the Russian Red Cross Hospital at Port
Arthur, the latter not merely expressed his high appreciation of what
had been done by our Society (offering an honorable medal to Baron Ozawa
and also one to Count Matsugata, the President), but also asked him if
the Red Cross Society of Japan would take over the hospital from the
Russian Red Cross Society. Baron Ozawa, however, refused the offer only
accepting the medal conferred upon him.

                  *       *       *       *       *

At the close of this account, we take great pleasure in adding that
donations, in various shapes from every part of the world and from rich
and poor, annual subscriptions and the number of members have ever been
increasing. The members of the Society numbering in all 1,035,000,
include Japanese and foreigners in China, Korea, Hawaii, and in other
foreign countries. Nevertheless, the expenditure we have had to defray
for the Relief work increases to an amount those outside can hardly
imagine. We have been trying to the utmost of our power to perform our
duty of caring for the helpless patients of both belligerents ever since
the war broke out, only remembering the principles of Humanity and
Brotherhood and we will do so more and more hereafter under the guidance
of Providence and through the assistance of friends.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




                      NOTES FROM BRANCH SOCIETIES


The Connecticut Branch is organizing a subdivision in New Haven and
expects to complete the organization in a few days with a membership of
150 or more. A large subdivision is also being formed at Norwich. The
Bristol subdivision, which is the only one of its kind in the country,
being composed entirely of boys, has sent a generous contribution to the
Japanese famine fund. The “Hartford Courant” has been most energetic and
successful in its collections for the famine fund and the National
Treasurer has received a number of contributions from that paper.

General Charles Bird, U.S.A., President of the Delaware Branch, writes:

“The Delaware Branch of the American National Red Cross has effected a
complete organization with a strong membership committee and a
sub-committee to act with the Executive Committee in arranging for the
enrollment of surgeons, physicians and trained nurses to be ready to
respond to a call for any emergency. The work of these committees is
hampered somewhat on account of a lack of public interest, growing out
of the fact that there does not seem to be any active work for the Red
Cross at present. Efforts are being made to increase the interest on the
ground of being prepared for the emergency when it comes. The
subdivisions in the lower part of the State are well organized and ready
to work when calls are made upon them.”

The District of Columbia Branch is preparing to hold a mass meeting on
March 30th at the Belasco Theatre in Washington, at which Secretary of
War Taft and several other prominent speakers will deliver addresses on
the subject of the Red Cross. It is also expected that two Army Surgeons
who were present with the Russian and Japanese Armies in Manchuria will
speak of what they saw of Red Cross work during the late war in the Far
East.

Subdivisions of the Illinois Branch have recently been organized at
Danville, Aurora and Rock Island, with a membership of over one hundred
at Danville. Since the publication of the Annual Report of the Red
Cross, Illinois has reported the enrollment of a number of doctors and
nurses.

The Secretary of the Maine Branch reports that that Society is “slowly
but surely improving and getting ready to do good work.” Earnest efforts
are being made to increase the membership.

The Maryland Branch, like the District of Columbia Branch, contemplates
holding a mass meeting on the 5th of April. These meetings are expected
to arouse much interest and assist considerably in enlarging the
membership.

The Massachusetts Branch “is too busily engaged with the famine fund to
write much for the Bulletin.” The Bulletin is glad of this opportunity
to congratulate the Massachusetts Branch upon its successful efforts in
behalf of the Japanese famine sufferers. Massachusetts ranks first among
the Branch Societies in amount contributed for this fund.

The New York State Branch has appointed Mr. William Chauncy Langdon,
Secretary of the Executive Committee, and Mr. Langdon is actively
engaged in organizing subdivisions throughout the State. Subdivisions
have already been formed in Albany, Syracuse, Rochester, Buffalo, and
Brooklyn, in Oneida and Westchester Counties, and in Islip Township of
Long Island. The Oneida County Subdivision has the largest membership,
155, 12 of whom are life members. The total membership in New York State
is 790.

The Cleveland Subdivision of the Ohio Branch reports the enrollment of a
number of doctors and nurses.

On March 14th “The Pennsylvania Branch of the American National Red
Cross” was organized, with headquarters in Philadelphia. The following
officers were elected: President, Talcott Williams; treasurer, Mrs. A.
J. Cassatt; vice-presidents, Captain John S. Muckle, Miss Anne Thompson,
Hon. H. Kirke Porter, of Pittsburg; Hon. Vance McCormick, of Harrisburg;
Bishop Alexander Mackay-Smith and George H. Frazier; secretary, Joseph
Allison Steinmetz.

Money sent by the American National Red Cross to the Philippine Branch
for the typhoon sufferers has been gratefully acknowledged by that
Society. The practical sympathy thus shown for the unfortunate sufferers
from that disaster conclusively and promptly proved the value of the Red
Cross organization. The Philippine Branch has reported recently over one
hundred members.

The Secretary of the Rhode Island Branch writes:

“The Rhode Island Branch is receiving cordial support from the
community. The number of annual members is increasing, as is also the
number of life members. The subscriptions for the relief of the Japanese
sufferers have been liberal and gifts are still coming into the fund for
that purpose.”

From letters and newspaper reports received from South Carolina, it is
evident that the officers are actively engaged in building up the
Society. We have also been informed that a considerable sum has been
collected for the Japanese Famine Fund.

The Central Committee hopes soon to be able to report the formation of a
State Branch in New Jersey and several other States.

The Executive Committee of the American National Red Cross some time ago
appointed a sub-committee to select a design and material for a new form
of Life Membership Certificate. These will be ready for issue soon, and
life members who have received the old form of certificate will be
furnished with the new certificate upon application.

A design of Red Cross pin to be worn by the members has been adopted,
and arrangements will soon be completed whereby all members desiring
pins or buttons will be able to procure them.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




                       APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP


Persons desiring to become members of the American National Red Cross
should fill out, as indicated, the blank forms on last page of this
Bulletin and mail to the Secretary of the Branch Society in the State
where they reside, whose address is given below.

Persons residing in States or Territories where no Branch Societies have
as yet been formed should send their applications to the Secretary of
the American National Red Cross, Room 826, Colorado Building,
Washington, D.C. These applications will be given prompt consideration
as soon as such Branch Societies are organized.

    Life membership dues, $25.00.
    Annual membership dues,  1.00.

  CALIFORNIA BRANCH: Mrs. Thurlow McMullin, 2200 California Street, San
      Francisco, Cal.

  CONNECTICUT BRANCH: Mrs. Sara T. Kinney, P.O. Box 726, New Haven, Conn.

  DELAWARE BRANCH: Miss Emily P. Bissell, 1404 Franklin Street,
      Wilmington, Del.

  DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRANCH: Mr. Gist Blair, Corcoran Building,
      Washington, D.C.

  GEORGIA BRANCH: Miss Anne Vane Jones, 224 Henry Street, Savannah, Ga.

  ILLINOIS BRANCH: Mr. Honore Palmer, 1300 First National Bank Building,
      Chicago, Ill.

  INDIANA BRANCH: Mrs. W. A. Woods, Claypool Hotel, Indianapolis, Ind.

  MAINE BRANCH: Mrs. Frank H. Briggs, Auburn, Me.

  MARYLAND BRANCH: Mr. George Norbury Mackenzie, 27 Builders’ Exchange
      Building, Baltimore, Md.

  MASSACHUSETTS BRANCH: Miss Katherine P. Loring, Prides Crossing, Mass.

  MICHIGAN BRANCH: Mr. Charles Moore, 705 Union Trust Building, Detroit,
      Mich.

  NEW YORK STATE BRANCH: Mrs. Wm. K. Draper, Bristol Building, 500 Fifth
      Avenue, New York, N.Y.

  OHIO BRANCH: Mrs. Dr. John Hewitt, Cumberland Building, Columbus, Ohio.

  PENNSYLVANIA BRANCH: Joseph Allison Steinmetz, Independence Hall,
      Philadelphia, Pa.

  PHILIPPINE BRANCH: Mrs. George A. Main, Manila, P. I.

  RHODE ISLAND BRANCH: Prof. George Grafton Wilson, 15 Westminster Street,
      Providence, R.I.

  SOUTH CAROLINA BRANCH: Mr. George Hoyt Smith, Charleston, S.C.

  VERMONT BRANCH: Mr. Charles S. Forbes, S. Albans, Vt.

  WYOMING BRANCH: Miss Winifred W. Woods, Cheyenne, Wyo.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




     Application for Membership in the American National Red Cross.


   I apply to be enrolled as a (Life/Annual) member of the

   ........................

   Branch of the American National Red Cross.

                    Name ...............................................

                    Address ............................................

    Life membership dues,  $25.00.
    Annual membership dues,  1.00.
    (Erase whichever membership is not desired.)

  To the Secretary of the .................................. Branch

                    The American National Red Cross.

          ....................................................

          ....................................................


------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Application for Membership in the American National Red Cross.


   I apply to be enrolled as a (Life/Annual) member of the

   ........................

   Branch of the American National Red Cross.

                    Name ...............................................

                    Address ............................................

    Life membership dues,  $25.00.
    Annual membership dues,  1.00.
    (Erase whichever membership is not desired.)

  To the Secretary of the .................................. Branch

                    The American National Red Cross.

          ....................................................

          ....................................................


------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Application for Membership in the American National Red Cross.


   I apply to be enrolled as a (Life/Annual) member of the

   ........................

   Branch of the American National Red Cross.

                    Name ...............................................

                    Address ............................................

    Life membership dues,  $25.00.
    Annual membership dues,  1.00.
    (Erase whichever membership is not desired.)

  To the Secretary of the .................................. Branch

                    The American National Red Cross.

          ....................................................

          ....................................................


------------------------------------------------------------------------




                            FORM OF BEQUEST.


A will in the form following may be used to bequeath money for the
purposes of this corporation. It would be well to have the same signed
by _three witnesses_ in the presence of the testator and of each other.

All legacies, not otherwise specified, go into the Red Cross Endowment
Fund, the interest of which is applied to the Emergency Fund.


I, A. B., of .....................................................
(testator’s domicil), hereby make and publish the following as my last
will and testament:

I give and bequeath to the American National Red Cross, a corporation in
the District of Columbia, created by Act of Congress of the United
States of America, its successors and assigns, the sum of

.................................................. Dollars.

               (A. B.) .................................................

Signed, sealed, published and declared by the above named A. B. as and
for his last will and testament, in the presence of us, who have
hereunto subscribed our names at his request as witnesses thereto, in
the presence of the said testator and of each other.


........................................................................


........................................................................


........................................................................




------------------------------------------------------------------------




  ● Transcriber’s Notes:
     ○ Missing or obscured punctuation was silently corrected.
     ○ Typographical errors were silently corrected.
     ○ Inconsistent spelling and hyphenation were made consistent only
       when a predominant form was found in this book.
     ○ Text that:
       was in italics is enclosed by underscores (_italics_);
       was in bold by is enclosed by “equal” signs (=bold=).

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE AMERICAN NATIONAL RED CROSS
BULLETIN, VOL. I, NO. 2, APRIL, 1906 ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
